Adding Brand Brick (#3)
lemazzo/sdk-react: src/bricks/brand/readme.md

# Brand Brick

## Content

- [Brand Brick](#brand-brick)
  - [Content](#content)
  - [Intro](#intro)
  - [How it works](#how-it-works)
  - [How to use](#how-to-use)
  - [External Links](#external-links)

---

## Intro

Brand Brick communicates to the user advantages, conveniences, and information, such as: the available payment methods via Mercado Pago, accepted card networks, and the option to pay in installments with or without a credit card.

---

## How it works

> This is like a wrapper for the Brick. It breaks the main characterists - customizations and callback - in _props_ for the component. In this way it possible have a minimum impact if the Bricks change and take advantage of the already existent documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is like a wrapper for the Brick. It breaks the main characteristics - customizations and callback - in _props_ for the component. In this way, it is possible to minimize the impact if the Bricks change and take advantage of the already existent documentation.
```
